docs: Added priorities and TM info to Crowdin guide (#314)
nodejs/i18n: guides/CROWDIN.md

## GitHub integration

Crowdin pulling updates of original content, and on other side all approved translations going to be pushed to connected repository automatically and well formatted.

## Priorities

> There is a lot of content to translate, and to manage priorities we're using [Crowdin Prioritizing Files](https://support.crowdin.com/files-management/#prioritizing-files) system. Before translating something, please take a look on priority level mark:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a lot of content to translate, and to manage priorities we're using [Crowdin Prioritizing Files](https://support.crowdin.com/files-management/#prioritizing-files) system. Before translating something, please take a look at the priority level mark:
```

![priorities](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28801003/79640499-9a2fec00-819a-11ea-8eb3-ce0343791b8f.png)

## Translation Memory

> Versioned documentation means that's some content is not changes between versions. As result, we have duplicates, which we pre-translate with [Translation Memory](https://support.crowdin.com/translation-memory/). In addition, TM can be shared between all projects inside Node.js organizations.

Reviewer: The statement around "Versioned documentation" still is unclear. Translation Memory and pre-translation are not the same thing either.
```suggestion
Versioned documentation means that some content is not changed between versions. As result, we have duplicates, which are pre-translated with [Translation Memory](https://support.crowdin.com/translation-memory/). In addition, TM can be shared between all projects inside the Node.js organization.
```
